README.md, before:

# Clinic Admin Frontend

This is the frontend application for the Clinic Admin Panel built with Next.js and TypeScript. It allows users to manage patients and appointments seamlessly.

## Note

When first open the app please wait 1 minute to activate the server host for the backend data to be fetch, because I am using free hosting provider.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js** — React framework for server-side rendering and routing.
- **TypeScript** — Type-safe JavaScript for improved developer experience and maintainability.
- **Apollo Client** — Powerful GraphQL client for data fetching and caching.
- **GraphQL** — Query language for APIs, interacting with the backend GraphQL server.
- **Ant Design** — UI component library providing professional and responsive design.
- **React Hooks** — For managing state and lifecycle methods in functional components.
- **Responsive Design** — Mobile-friendly layout using Ant Design’s Grid and Drawer components.

## Features

- List, add, edit, and delete patients.
- List, add, edit, and delete appointments.
- Fully responsive UI for desktop and mobile devices.
- Drawer-based forms for smooth user interactions.
- Apollo Client cache updates and error handling.
- Strongly typed components and GraphQL operations with TypeScript.

## Live Demo

Click [here](https://clinic-frontend-zeta.vercel.app/) for the live demo URL.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or later recommended)
- Yarn or npm package manager

### Installation

```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd clinic-admin-frontend
yarn install
# or npm install
```

Commit message:

Backend repo link in the readme.md

README.md, after:

# Clinic Admin Frontend

This is the frontend application for the Clinic Admin Panel built with Next.js and TypeScript. It allows users to manage patients and appointments seamlessly.

## Note

When first open the app please wait 1 minute to activate the server host for the backend data to be fetch, because I am using free hosting provider.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js** — React framework for server-side rendering and routing.
- **TypeScript** — Type-safe JavaScript for improved developer experience and maintainability.
- **Apollo Client** — Powerful GraphQL client for data fetching and caching.
- **GraphQL** — Query language for APIs, interacting with the backend GraphQL server.
- **Ant Design** — UI component library providing professional and responsive design.
- **React Hooks** — For managing state and lifecycle methods in functional components.
- **Responsive Design** — Mobile-friendly layout using Ant Design’s Grid and Drawer components.

## Features

- List, add, edit, and delete patients.
- List, add, edit, and delete appointments.
- Fully responsive UI for desktop and mobile devices.
- Drawer-based forms for smooth user interactions.
- Apollo Client cache updates and error handling.
- Strongly typed components and GraphQL operations with TypeScript.

## Live Demo

Click [here](https://clinic-frontend-zeta.vercel.app/) for the live demo URL.

## Backend repo

[This](https://github.com/bobson/clinic-backend) is the backend repo that I made for this app if you want to check it out.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or later recommended)
- Yarn or npm package manager

### Installation

```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd clinic-admin-frontend
yarn install
# or npm install
```
